# Notes
- Meeting one, with Dr. Banks, Andrew, and Sasank
	- Andrew is thinking we could work on getting strides forward on the shoulder stuff.
	- We could pick up where the last senior project group (the current one) left off
	- Smooth continuation from their work to our team's work
	- He'll make us a specific write up, that along with the meeting on [[2021-12-13]] we should be able to get a good idea of what the plans are.
	- We can do in-lab dev work (maybe avoid HiPerGator bc it just confuses things)
	- Key points instead of convolutional neural networks?
	- 